Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way.
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
Wikipedia is the best thing ever. Anyone in the world can write anything they want about any subject. So you know you are getting the best possible information.
I'm an early bird and I'm a night owl. So I'm wise and I have worms.
I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
I love inside jokes. I'd love to be a part of one someday.
I don't get why parents are always complaining about how tough it is to raise kids. I mean, you practically get to tell a kid what to do all day. It must be a breeze.
And you know what they say, "Fool me once, strike one, but fool me twice...strike three."
Sometimes you have to take a break from being the kind of boss that's always trying to teach people things. Sometimes you have to just be the boss of dancing.
I understand nothing.
I am Beyoncé, always.
I'm not a hero. I put my pants on one leg at a time, just like everyone else.
Sometimes you have to declare bankruptcy. When you're in a bad situation, you just have to declare it.
I'm not going to die. I'm going to live forever. Or die trying.
I would not miss it for the world. But if something else came up, I would definitely not go.
If I had a gun with two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden, and Toby, I would shoot Toby twice.
I love my employees even though I hit one of you with my car.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky - Michael Scott
It takes an advanced sense of humor. I don't expect everybody to understand.
Do I need to be liked? Absolutely not. I like to be liked. I enjoy being liked. I have to be liked. But it's not like this compulsive need to be liked. Like my need to be praised.
Yes, money has been a little tight lately. But at the end of my life, when I'm sitting on my yacht, am I gonna be thinking about how much money I have? No, I'm gonna be thinking about how many friends I have, and my children, and my comedy albums. I mean, I have a yacht, so I obviously did pretty well, making records.
I'm running away from my responsibilities, and it feels good.
I love you this many dollars worth. I wish I could take you to dinner at the most expensive restaurant in New York City. But I can't. But I can take you to the second-most expensive. And it would be fantastic.
I don't care what they say about me, I just want to eat.
Well, happy birthday, Jesus. Sorry your party's so lame.
Guess what? I have flaws. What are they? Oh, I don't know. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car. So sue me.
I have an announcement to make. It's going to be controversial. It's going to get a lot of people talking. And that's exactly what I want. I'm getting married! Everyone, come to my wedding! Everybody, up!
Dwight, you ignorant slut!
I guess theatmosphere that I've tried to create here is that I'm a friend first and a boss second and probably an entertainer third.
I'm not a bad guy. I work hard, and I love my kids. So why should I spend half my Sunday hearing about how I'm going to Hell?
I enjoy having breakfast in bed. I like waking up to the smell of bacon, sue me. And since I don't have a butler, I have to do it myself. So, most nights before I go to bed, I will lay six strips of bacon out on my George Foreman Grill. Then I go to sleep. When I wake up, I plug in the grill, I go back to sleep again. Then I wake up to the smell of crackling bacon. It is delicious, it's good for me. It's the perfect way to start the day. Today I got up, I stepped onto the grill, and it clamped down on my foot. That's it. I don't see what's so hard to believe about that.
I need a username, and I have a great one. "Little Kid Lover." That way, people will know exactly where my priorities are at.
I am going to donate $1 million to my children's charity foundation. I am also going to donate $1 million to the office. One of you is going to get it. You have to decide, among yourselves, who deserves it. I am going to leave that up to you.
And remember, don't ever, for any reason, do anything to anyone for any reason, ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who, or who you are with, or where you are going, or where you've been, ever, for any reason whatsoever.
